Change project fields to match Scylla (#46)
scylladb/csharp-driver: doc/features/README.md

# Features

> The ScyllaDB C# Driver for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise is a feature-rich and highly tunable C# client library for Apache Cassandra (2.0+) and DataStax Enterprise (4.8+) using Cassandra's binary protocol and Cassandra Query Language v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ScyllaDB C# Driver for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise is a feature-rich and highly tunable C# client library for Scylla using Cassandra's binary protocol and Cassandra Query Language v3.
```
